I do know several individuals having worked in the Navy that have either
passed away or been seriously injured. It just has to do with the
kind of line of work that were in in the communities that I've worked
with now that's not very common with other jobs in the Navy. You
know, maybe you'll have somebody, uh, you know, die or lose their life
because of, ah, something out in town, like a vehicle accident or
something along those lines. So really just kind of depends on the
community that you're in for me. Personally. Yeah, I know quite a few
folks that have passed away have been seriously injured, but that's
very specific to the line of work that we do.